Document how to apply the source available license (#669)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/extend/plugins/source-available-license.md

---
title: "Source Available License"
subsection: Plugins (Beta)
weight: 91
---

Some plugins authored by Mattermost are licensed under the [Mattermost Source Available License](https://docs.mattermost.com/overview/faq.html#mattermost-source-available-license). This document outlines how to apply the license in various situations.

> ## How do I apply the license to an enterprise-only plugin?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How do I apply the license to an Enterprise-only plugin?
```

> An enterprise-only plugin is a plugin that requires a valid Mattermost Enterprise E20 license. It is not designed to be used with Team Edition or any other enterprise license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Enterprise-only plugin is a plugin that requires a valid Mattermost Enterprise E20 license. It is not designed to be used with Team Edition or any other Enterprise license.
```

Reviewer: Note on this: I'll need to review the other documentation to make sure enterprise/Enterprise is presented correctly so there might be inconsistencies in that right now.

1. Add the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file to the root of your plugin repository.
2. Add the following section to your README.md directly below the opening paragraph:

```md
## License

This repository is licensed under the [Mattermost Source Available License](LICENSE) and requires a valid Enterprise E20 license. See [Mattermost Source Available License](https://docs.mattermost.com/overview/faq.html#mattermost-source-available-license) to learn more.
```

## How do I apply the license to a mixed-license plugin?

> An mixed-license plugin is a plugin some of whose components require a valid Mattermost Enterprise E20 license. Not all features are available when used with Team Edition or any other enterprise license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An mixed-license plugin includes components that require a valid Mattermost Enterprise E20 license. Not all features are available when used with Team Edition or any other enterprise license.
```

> 1. Organize the enterprise-only, server-side parts of your plugin in a dedicated folder, typically `server/enterprise`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Organize the Enterprise-only, server-side parts of your plugin in a dedicated folder, typically `server/enterprise`.
```
